DEV-1477: Update Transfer Processing times article (#526)
Dwolla/dev-portal: pages/docs/balance/transfer-processing-times.mdx

- Payment Out (Credit) - Funds are pushed into the recipient's bank account (destination) from the Dwolla Network.

The transfer processing time depends on the transfer speed chosen for both the debit and credit sides of the transfer.

<InlineCTA
  icon={conceptIcon}
  text="For more information, reference our Transfer Lifecycle, which explains bank-to-bank transfers in full detail."
  href="/docs/balance/transfer-lifecycle"
/>

## Understanding Transfer Processing Times

## Standard ACH Transfers

Standard ACH is the default processing option for bank transfers, requiring no additional setup or configuration. Any transfer created will automatically follow the standard clearing time. It applies to both ACH payment in (debit) and ACH payment out (credit) transfers.

Key Points to Note for Standard ACH Transfers:

- Export deadline: Approximately 4 p.m. Central Time
- Transfer processing time:
- Debit transfers: 3-4 business days
- Credit transfers: 1-2 business days
- Processed on business days (processing unavailable on weekends and banking holidays)

### Standard ACH Debit (Payment In)

> A Standard ACH debit from a bank to the Dwolla Network processes within 3-4 business days. This extended processing time accounts for ACH returns and processing delays, and checks on [common return codes](https://www.dwolla.com/resources/ach-return-codes/) like insufficient funds and invalid bank accounts. If a failure occurs during ACH processing, the transfer will be marked with a return code. For detailed information on ACH return codes and [transfer failures](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/transfer-failures), refer to our developer resource article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Standard ACH debit from a bank to the Dwolla Network processes within 3-4 business days. This extended processing time accounts for ACH returns and processing delays, and checks on [common return codes](https://www.dwolla.com/resources/ach-return-codes/) like insufficient funds and invalid bank accounts. If a failure occurs during ACH processing, the transfer will be marked with a return code. For detailed information on ACH return codes and [transfer failures](/docs/balance/transfer-failures), refer to our developer resource article.
```

Reviewer: Updated URI to relative using `/docs/balance`

```raw
{
  "clearing": {
    "source": "standard"
  }
}
```

Key Points to Note for Next Day ACH Transfers:

- Available for debit transfers only
- Export deadline: 4 p.m. Central Time
- Transfer processing time:
- Debit transfers: 1-2 business days
- Processed on business days (processing unavailable on weekends and banking holidays)

##### Next Day ACH Debit Transfer Schedule

All times in Central Time (CT) (\*approximate deadlines)

| Transfer created between            | Transfer exported | Transfer processed |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| Friday 4 p.m. to Monday 4 p.m.      | Monday 4 p.m.     | Tuesday morning    |
| Monday 4 p.m. to Tuesday 4 p.m.     | Tuesday 4 p.m.    | Wednesday morning  |
| Tuesday 4 p.m. to Wednesday 4 p.m.  | Wednesday 4 p.m.  | Thursday morning   |
| Wednesday 4 p.m. to Thursday 4 p.m. | Thursday 4 p.m.   | Friday morning     |
| Thursday 4 p.m. to Friday 4 p.m.    | Friday 4 p.m.     | Monday morning     |

_\*Dwolla cannot guarantee an exact deadline for transmission of ACH files. Please be mindful that these are target cut-off times for transfer processing._

## Same Day ACH Transfers

> We can enable [Same Day ACH](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/same-day-ach) transfers on an account-level basis for transfers within your application. With Same Day ACH, you can apply it to the ACH debit, the ACH credit, or both. After receiving approval from Dwolla to enable Same Day ACH for your account, you can create a Same Day debit and/or credit on a per-transfer basis by specifying it in the clearing object of an API transfer request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can enable [Same Day ACH](/docs/balance/same-day-ach) transfers on an account-level basis for transfers within your application. With Same Day ACH, you can apply it to the ACH debit, the ACH credit, or both. After receiving approval from Dwolla to enable Same Day ACH for your account, you can create a Same Day debit and/or credit on a per-transfer basis by specifying it in the clearing object of an API transfer request.
```

Reviewer: Same as above :)

Transfer processing is expedited with Same Day ACH, but checks for common return codes may experience delays, which could increase the risk of losses incurred from return codes.

<InlineCTA
  icon={conceptIcon}
  text="For more information on Same Day ACH, reference our Concept article, which explains Same Day debits and credits in full detail."
  href="/docs/balance/same-day-ach"
/>

Key Points to Note for Same Day ACH Transfers:

- Available for both debit and credit transfers.
- Export deadline: Multiple throughout the day:
- 9 a.m. CT
- 1 p.m. CT
- 3 p.m. CT\*
  \*Note: These may vary depending on the financial institution.
- Transfer processing time:
- Debit: 0-1 business day
- Credit: 0-1 business day
- Processed on business days (processing unavailable on weekends and banking holidays)

> - T[ransaction limit: $1 million](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/access-faster-payments-with-dwolla-same-day-ach/) (enforced by Nacha)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Transaction limit: $1 million](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/access-faster-payments-with-dwolla-same-day-ach/) (enforced by Nacha)
```

> ### Same Day ACH Debit ( Payment In)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Same Day ACH Debit (Payment In)
```

A Same Day ACH debit from the Dwolla Network to a bank processes within 0-1 business days. To initiate a debit transfer with Same Day ACH processing, you can include the following clearing object in your API request:

Example `clearing` Object:

```raw
{
  "clearing": {
    "source": "next-available"
  }
}
```

The "next-available" value indicates that the transfer will be exported in the next available Same Day ACH export window. Refer to the table below for a more detailed schedule of Same Day debit transfers.

##### Same Day ACH Debit Transfer Schedule

All times in Central Time (CT) (\*approximate deadlines)

| Transfer created between | Transfer exported | Transfer processed |
| ------------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| 3 p.m. to 9 a.m.         | 9 a.m.            | 11:30 a.m.         |
| 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.         | 1 p.m.            | 5 p.m.             |
| 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.         | 3 p.m.            | 5 p.m.             |

_\*Dwolla cannot guarantee an exact deadline for transmission of ACH files. Please be mindful that these are target cut-off times for transfer processing._

> ### Same Day ACH Credit ( Payment Out)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Same Day ACH Credit (Payment Out)
```

Example `clearing` Object:

```raw
{
  "clearing": {
    "destination": "next-available"
  }
}
```

The "next-available" value indicates that the transfer will be exported in the next available Same Day ACH export window. Refer to the table below for a more detailed schedule of Same Day credit transfers.

##### Same Day ACH Credit Transfer Schedule

All times in Central Time (CT) (\*approximate deadlines)

| Transfer created between | Transfer exported | Transfer processed |
| ------------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| 3 p.m. to 9 a.m.         | 9 a.m.            | 11:30 a.m.         |
| 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.         | 1 p.m.            | 5 p.m.             |
| 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.         | 3 p.m.            | 5 p.m.             |

_\*Dwolla cannot guarantee an exact deadline for transmission of ACH files. Please be mindful that these are target cut-off times for transfer processing._

## RTP (Real-Time Payments)

> [RTP](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/real-time-payments) is a payment method that allows for near-instantaneous transfer processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RTP](/docs/balance/real-time-payments) is a payment method that allows for near-instantaneous transfer processing.
```

Key Points to Note for RTP Transfers:

- Available for credit transfers only
- Export deadline: None
- Transfer processing time: Funds available within minutes

> - Processed 24/7/365 ( business days, weekends and banking holidays)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Processed 24/7/365 (business days, weekends and banking holidays)
```
